\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename jotain.info
@settitle Jotain Emacs Configuration
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@c %**end of header

@copying
Jotain --- a GNU Emacs 30+ configuration with a Nix build layer.

Copyright @copyright{} Markus Jylh@"ankangas.
@end copying

@dircategory Emacs
@direntry
* Jotain: (jotain).             Jotain Emacs configuration.
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title Jotain
@subtitle A GNU Emacs 30+ configuration with a Nix build layer
@author Markus Jylh@"ankangas
@page
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Jotain

@insertcopying

This manual is generated from the Markdown sources under @file{docs/} in
the Jotain source tree and the Nix module option metadata.  Use @kbd{C-h i
d m Jotain @key{RET}} to open it inside Emacs, or @kbd{M-x consult-info}
to search across every installed manual including this one.
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Introduction::                What Jotain is.
* Installation::                Building and installing.
* Quickstart::                  First session end-to-end.

Architecture

* Architecture Overview::       Three-layer architecture.
* Nix Build Layer::             emacs.nix and cache parity.
* Module Reference::            lisp/init-*.el modules.

Configuration

* Init File::                   init.el responsibilities.
* Early Init::                  early-init.el responsibilities.
* Packages::                    Package provenance and sourcing.

Guides

* Finding Information in Emacs:: Self-documenting editor workflow.
* Compilation Mode::            Build and error navigation.
* Setting Variables::           setopt vs.@ setq vs.@ setq-default.
* Inspiration::                 Upstream configurations and references.

Appendix

* Module Options::              Nix module option reference.
@end menu

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction
@include introduction.texi

@node Installation
@chapter Installation
@include installation.texi

@node Quickstart
@chapter Quickstart
@include quickstart.texi

@node Architecture Overview
@chapter Architecture Overview
@include architecture-overview.texi

@node Nix Build Layer
@chapter Nix Build Layer
@include architecture-nix-build.texi

@node Module Reference
@chapter Module Reference
@include architecture-modules.texi

@node Init File
@chapter Init File
@include configuration-init.texi

@node Early Init
@chapter Early Init
@include configuration-early-init.texi

@node Packages
@chapter Packages
@include configuration-packages.texi

@node Finding Information in Emacs
@chapter Finding Information in Emacs
@include finding-information-in-emacs.texi

@node Compilation Mode
@chapter Compilation Mode
@include compilation-mode.texi

@node Setting Variables
@chapter Setting Variables
@include setting-variables.texi

@node Inspiration
@chapter Inspiration
@include inspiration.texi

@node Module Options
@appendix Module Options
@include jotain-options.texi

@bye
